
NORTH CAROLINA OFFER TO PURCHASE AND CONTRACT	

1. TERMS AND DEFINITIONS: The terms listed below shall have the respective meaning given them as set forth adjacent to each term.

(a) “Seller”:  Dan Selman

(b) “Buyer”:   Tom Brooke

$ 50.00 BY DUE DILIGENCE FEE made payable and delivered to Seller by the Effective Date

(g) “Effective Date”: The date that: (1) the last one of Buyer and Seller has signed or initialed this offer or the final counteroffer, if any, and (2) such signing or initialing is communicated to the party making the offer or counteroffer, as the case may be. The parties acknowledge and agree that the initials lines at the bottom of each page of this Contract are merely evidence of their having reviewed the terms of each page, and that the complete execution of such initials lines shall not be a condition of the effectiveness of this Agreement. 

(h) “Due Diligence”: Buyer’s opportunity to investigate the Property and the transaction contemplated by this Contract, including but not necessarily limited to the matters described in Paragraph 4 below, to decide whether Buyer, in Buyer’s sole discretion, will proceed with or terminate the transaction.

(i) “Due Diligence Fee”: A negotiated amount, if any, paid by Buyer to Seller with this Contract for Buyer’s right to terminate the Contract for any reason or no reason during the Due Diligence Period. It shall be the property of Seller upon the Effective Date and shall be a credit to Buyer at Closing. The Due Diligence Fee shall be non-refundable except in the event of a material breach of this Contract by Seller, or if this Contract is terminated under Paragraph 8(n) or Paragraph 12, or as otherwise provided in any addendum hereto.  Buyer and Seller each expressly waive any right that they may have to deny the right to conduct Due Diligence or to assert any defense as to the enforceability of this Contract based on the absence or alleged insufficiency of any Due Diligence Fee, it being the intent of the parties to create a legally binding contract for the purchase and sale of the Property without regard to the existence or amount of any Due Diligence Fee.

(j) “Due Diligence Period”: The period beginning on the Effective Date and extending through 5:00 p.m. on 04/01/2019 TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE.

This offer shall become a binding contract on the Effective Date. Unless specifically provided otherwise, Buyer’s failure to timely deliver any fee, deposit or other payment provided for herein shall not prevent this offer from becoming a binding contract, provided that any such failure shall give Seller certain rights to terminate the contract as described herein or as otherwise permitted by law.

Date: 03/15/2019

Buyer: Tom Brooke	

Date: 03/15/2019

Seller: Dan Selman